# miplicorn 0.2.0

## Breaking changes

- Minimum R version has been bumped up to 3.4. This reflects the minimum version
  defined by package imports.
- Deprecate `chromosome_map()` in favor of `plot_chromoMap()` and
  `plot_karyoploteR()` (#25).

### Read files

- The new `read_tbl_*()` family of functions provides a consistent function call
  to read data tables generated by MIPTools (#17).
- `read_tbl_haplotype()` can be used to read the `haplotypes_count.csv` file
  generated by MIPTools (#15).

## New features

- New `vignette("faq")` answers some frequently asked questions (#32).
- New `mutation_frequency()` and `plot_mutation_frequency()` functions can be
  used to determine the frequency of mutations (#29).
- New `mutation_prevalence()` and `plot_mutation_prevalence()` functions can be
  used to determine the prevalence of mutations (#23).
- New `label_mutations()` labels a mutation as `"ref"`, `"alt"`, `"ins"`, or
  `"del"` (#3).
- New `theme_rainbow()` creates a custom theme.

## Minor improvements and bug fixes

- `plot_karyoploteR()` no longer prints plot noisily.
- `read_tbl_*()` functions no longer change sample IDs (#20).
- We now use `{rlang}` instead of `{cli}` to display messages, warnings, and
  errors (#16).
- `plot_karyoploteR()` now works for arbitrary column names (#14).

# miplicorn 0.1.0

- `chromosome_map()` can now create an additional type of map (#11).
- New `chromosome_map()` creates a chromosome map annotated with probe
  locations.
- `theme_miplicorn()` specifies a custom theme for creating figures.
- `read()` now allows for filtering on multiple conditions (#7).
- New `arrange_natural()` naturally sorts a data frame (#5).
- New `convert_single()` and `convert_three` convert amino acid abbreviations
  (#1).
- Increase efficiency of `read()` (#2).
- Added a `NEWS.md` file to track changes to the package.
